docs(guides): improve "Asset modules" grammar (#6845)
webpack/webpack.js.org: src/content/guides/asset-modules.mdx

  - chenxsan
  - anshumanv
  - spence-s
  - dkdk225
related:
  - title: webpack 5 - Asset Modules
    url: https://dev.to/smelukov/webpack-5-asset-modules-2o3h
---

> Asset Module is a type of module that allows one to use asset files (fonts, icons, etc) without configuring additional loaders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asset Modules allow one to use asset files (fonts, icons, etc) without configuring additional loaders.
```

Prior to webpack 5 it was common to use:

- [`raw-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/raw-loader/) to import a file as a string
- [`url-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/url-loader/) to inline a file into the bundle as a data URI
- [`file-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/file-loader/) to emit a file into the output directory

> Asset Module type replaces all of these loaders by adding 4 new module types:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Asset Modules types replace all of these loaders by adding 4 new module types:
```

  - chenxsan
  - anshumanv
  - spence-s
  - dkdk225
related:
  - title: webpack 5 - Asset Modules
    url: https://dev.to/smelukov/webpack-5-asset-modules-2o3h
---

Asset Modules allow one to use asset files (fonts, icons, etc) without configuring additional loaders.

Prior to webpack 5 it was common to use:

- [`raw-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/raw-loader/) to import a file as a string
- [`url-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/url-loader/) to inline a file into the bundle as a data URI
- [`file-loader`](https://v4.webpack.js.org/loaders/file-loader/) to emit a file into the output directory

Asset Modules types replace all of these loaders by adding 4 new module types:

- `asset/resource` emits a separate file and exports the URL. Previously achievable by using `file-loader`.
- `asset/inline` exports a data URI of the asset. Previously achievable by using `url-loader`.
- `asset/source` exports the source code of the asset. Previously achievable by using `raw-loader`.
- `asset` automatically chooses between exporting a data URI and emitting a separate file. Previously achievable by using `url-loader` with asset size limit.

> When using the old assets loaders (i.e. `file-loader`/`url-loader`/`raw-loader`) along with Asset Modules in webpack 5, you might want to stop Asset Modules from processing your assets again as that would result in asset duplication. This can be done by setting assets loader's type to `'javascript/auto'`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using the old assets loaders (i.e. `file-loader`/`url-loader`/`raw-loader`) along with Asset Modules in webpack 5, you might want to stop Asset Modules from processing your assets again as that would result in asset duplication. This can be done by setting the asset's module type to `'javascript/auto'`.
```
